[memgraph-2.12 < Storage mode flag ] Add storage mode flag for starting Memgraph (#220)
memgraph/documentation: pages/configuration/configuration-settings.mdx

| --storage-wal-enabled=true                 | Controls whether the storage uses write-ahead-logging. To enable WAL, periodic snapshots must be enabled.                          | `[bool]`   |
| --storage-wal-file-flush-every-n-tx=100000 | Issue a 'fsync' call after this amount of transactions are written to the WAL file. Set to 1 for fully synchronous operation.      | `[uint64]` |
| --storage-wal-file-size-kib=20480          | Minimum file size of each WAL file.                                                                                                | `[uint64]` |

> | --storage-mode=IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL     | The storage mode which Memgraph will use on start.                                                                                 | `[string]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --storage-mode=IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL     | The storage mode Memgraph will run on startup.                                                                                 | `[string]` |
```
